1. auto_insurance_fraud_detection.sql --> Auto Insurance Fraud Detection: This is my MSc in Data Science dissertation where I developed a predictive model with 80% accuracy that can evaluate the seriousness of fraud of the auto insurance claims by combining Machine Learning algorithm with Feature Engineering techniques and Artificial Neural Network (ANN). In this project, I've used five-fold cross-validation technique to the algorithms to reduce variance in performance evaluation and mitigate overfitting or underfitting issues. Various Machine Learning algorithms (Random Forest, K-Nearest Neighbour, Support Vector Machine, Logistic Regression and Decision Tree) was applied and tested, the one with the best F-1 and Accuracy scores is then integrated it with the top-performing Feature Engineering pipeline. The best Feature Engineering pipeline (based on F-1 and Accuracy scores) was then applied to the Artificial Neural Network (ANN). This project demonstrated that Artificial Neural Network (ANN) has significantly improved auto insurance fraud detection accuracy by over 80% compared to the conventional Machine Learning and Feature Engineering models. 

2. retail_inventory_management.sql --> Created inventory control management system for when Im a Data trainee in Bravissimo. The code of course is not attached to the back-end and front-end software/applications/extensions due to GDPR reason. This system enables the organizations to manage the inventory, suppliers, user access, purchase orders, and customer orders. Which in turn enhance productivity, reduce errors, and provide a clear overview of inventory status and movements within the organization. 
